Next, let's talk about cleaning dirty data.
Dirty data refers to data that contains errors.
Like if you meant to input the number one million but
you left off a zero and type 100,000 instead.
Dirty data tends to come from a number of sources including; data entry mistakes,
duplicate data, incomplete records or inconsistencies between different datasets.
When you first obtain a dataset,
you should automatically say to yourself,
"I need to audit this data and find errors."
You want to search for missing values, inconsistencies, duplicate data,
and incorrect encodings because otherwise,
machine-learning algorithms will not give you the results you expect.
Finding dirty data is easier said than done though,
because every dataset is different and will have different problems.
While it wouldn't be possible to show you every single data error that could occur,
you'll get some practice in the next section with cleaning a dataset.
You'll see that the country names in the World Bank Project dataset are
inconsistent with the World Bank socioeconomic indicator dataset.
Hence you can't merge datasets together because the country names don't match correctly.
Your task will be to clean the country names for consistency.